Lamb is right
I'm going to find someone now
Wang Zhuo's mother quickly sent someone over
Someone stole something from home at the party
So you are
Attending Mrs. Li's birthday banquet with great care
It's ulterior motives
Yeah, I'm so disappointed.
You figure it out and you want to arrest people
I caught the wrong person, can you take this responsibility?
Yeah dad
In case this is not my brother-in-law
Shall we let him explain?
Yaoyao, you are just too kind-hearted.
It's the right thing to do.
Can we still wrong him?
Mom saw it clearly
This is indeed the heart of the ocean
How could he afford the conditions for the work Euro A?
It was stolen. What else could it be?
Yes, Niu Niu
When you speak for him
He doesn't get along
When he asked his uncle to throw away the project
No thought at all
Call and say someone is stealing
He was the one stealing.
Hurry up and take him to the security out
I see which of you dares to do it
Ouyang, you really have the means
Not only does this old man
The man took you to Mrs. Li's birthday party
And let him do this
It's shameless in public
I advise you to leave with your people quickly
Then apologize again to my supervisor
Otherwise, the person who left home will come.
That's not an apology.
Tell you
Shut up and want us to apologize to you
No way, take him back to me quickly
Mrs. Li Gao